check out this week's must-see movies
can you describe it full stop from the
beginning in annihilation scientists
explore a bizarre danger zone no we
don't need a board and we do not need
pieces in game night a friendly
competition between friends becomes far
more dangerous than anyone realizes I am
someone who wakes up in a different body
every day in every day romance becomes
very complicated for a shy teen when she
falls for someone who transforms into
another person daily see what's hot in
theaters with this week's fantasy
patient so what's your weekend ticket
going to be let us know by commenting
see you next time on weekend ticket
[Music]
[Applause]